No one can dispute the notion that the United States must not use military force unless we have the means to achieve our goal of victory. But we must recognize that where our interests are clearly involved, we must take risks to protect them. 
Every military operation cannot be a certain thing. The United States is a great power with worldwide responsibilities. But we will not prevail against an enemy willing to take any risk to achieve victory unless we are willing to take some risks to prevent defeat.
Some urge restraint in retaliating against terrorism because of the admittedly significant risk of casualties among civilians, hostages, and our military personnel.
|But while we cannot act in every instance of terrorism, we should always act decisively when we know who is responsible and where they are. Otherwise we give complete freedom to these international outlaws, inviting them to strike again. |
If one group of terrorists succeeds in intimidating the United States, others will be encouraged to try, and more lives will undoubtedly be lost as a result. 
| Swift, timely retaliation, even if there is some risk to innocent people, will mean that other terrorists will be less likely to threaten and kill innocent people in the future. |
Repeated threats that are not followed by action are counterproductive. A president of the United States should only have to warn once. 
Our military forces can only fight an enemy they can see. All the military power in the world is useless against shadows. If the United States wants to continue to play a role in the Third World it must attack terrorism at its source. We must hold those who inspire it and pay for it accountable for their actions. 
| Terrorism is a way to divide and conquer—but only if its victims allow themselves to be divided. |
| We must develop a unified policy to deal with terrorism. This means an international effort—all nations that are potential victims should pool their intelligence-gathering and surveillance resources. And when military action is necessary, they must be ready to act together. |
| Most importantly, they must recognize that even nations that support terrorism depend on their victims. | While neither Iran nor Libya could survive without selling oil, the rest of the world could survive without Iranian and Libyan oil. In the past, economic and diplomatic sanctions and quarantines have been justifiably criticized for being ineffective. They were ineffective, however, primarily because too few nations participated. If countries can band together and enact sufficiently wide-spreading sanctions, national support of terrorism will surely drop.
Terrorists will never be deterred by the likes of U.N. resolutions or empty threats from leaders or legislatures. 
| But they may be deterred once they realize that by using terror they will spark the wrath of not only the nation they attacked, but all nations that do not want to exist in a world riven by a tiny minority who have resorted to violence in pursuit of their twisted objectives. |
We will only eliminate terrorism if we choke it off by drawing the dark curtain of its international condemnation around its sponsors.
| And actions will speak louder than words. Unless they are willing to live peacefully in the community of nations, we cannot allow the any of the privileges of membership. |